SOURCE_ID: 2
URL: https://howard.mydininghub.com/en/meal-plans/meal-plan-options?cat=diningdollars-216958
DESCRIPTION: Dining Dollars / Mecca Dollars meal plan details
---
Choose A Meal Plan - Howard University
Skip to Content
Choose A Meal Plan
Explore meal plans designed to fit your unique campus lifestyle. Whether you're living on or off campus, commuting, or a part of our faculty and staff, there's a plan crafted to keep you fueled and focused every day.
Customers are encouraged to review the
Terms and Conditions
prior to purchase.
Retry
Return to Home
Show All
Freshmen Students
Sophomore Students
Junior and Senior Students
Mecca Dollars & Meal Plan Bucks
Mecca Dollars & Meal Plan Bucks
Mecca Dollars can be used at on-campus dining locations, such as PunchOut and Chick-fil-A. Meal Plan Bucks can be used at our off-campus partner locations, such as Roaming Rooster and Rush Bowls.
The Yard
Eligible for Juniors and Seniors
$750 Mecca Dollars and $1250 Meal Plan Bucks per semester
Unused Mecca Dollars and Meal Plan Bucks will not roll over to the next semester.
On this plan, students do not have separate guest meal allocations, they are welcome to use any of their Mecca Dollars to treat a guest.
$3,279.67
Sign Up
View Details
Dining With Us?
Enter your email and get rewarded!
*= Required Field
Email
*
Join
Privacy Policy
The MyDiningHub family of websites uses cookies. When you visit any of the MyDiningHub websites, you agree to the use of cookies, which are necessary for the functionality of the website, and which are set by us in advance. In addition, certain other categories of cookies may be activated and stored on your device, as well as some of your personal data may be processed. We respect your right to privacy, so you can always decide whether or not to allow certain additional categories of cookies by managing your cookie settings. Please note that your cookie selections will apply to the entire MyDiningHub family of websites. For more information about the types of cookies and how we use them, please visit our
Privacy Policy
Accept Cookies
Cookie Preferences
Privacy Preferences Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, often in the form of cookies. This information might be about your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose whether to allow or disallow certain categories of cookies on a MyDiningHub website. Click on the category headings below to find out more about the categories of cookies and change our default settings. However, please understand that blocking some categories of cookies may impact your experience on the site and the services we are able to offer. Your selections will apply to all MyDiningHub websites you visit.
In some cases, data obtained from cookies is shared with third parties, which may be considered a “sale of personal information” under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). If you are a California resident, you may exercise your right to opt-out of that sharing at any time by disabling cookies. For more information about our use of cookies, please see our
Privacy Policy
Allow All
Manage Cookie Preferences
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Always Active
These cookies are used for the essential functions of our websites. They do not gather information about you that could be used for marketing purposes and do not remember where you have been on the internet. This category of cookies cannot be disabled, because doing so would impair the function of our website.
Functional Cookies
Functional Cookies
These cookies provide enhanced functionality and personalization on our website, such as remembering your preferences. They are set by Aramark or by third-party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies, some or all of these services may not function properly. These cookies do not track your activity on other sites or store any personal data.
Performance Cookies
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to view broad categories of information regarding who comes to our websites. This information is used to improve our website functionality. We may use third-party analytic tools, such as Google Analytics, to help measure traffic and usage trends and to understand the demographics of our users.
Advertising Cookies
Advertising Cookies
These cookies are used to customize what ads you might see on our websites or ads from us on other websites. This information allows us to better tailor our offerings to you either through ads more appropriate to your needs, or to prevent repeated ads that you may not want.
Social Media Cookies
Switch Label
label
These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools.
Cookie List
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Save My Preferences