SOURCE_ID: 5
URL: https://studentaffairs.howard.edu/housing/move-in/bison-one-card-meal-plans
DESCRIPTION: Bison One Card meal plans (Housing)
---
Bison One Card & Meal Plans | Howard University Student Affairs
Skip to main content
Web Accessibility Support
Section Menu
Fall Move-In
Information for new students about the Bison One Card and meal plans
Getting Your BISON ONE Card
The Bison One Card is the official Howard University ID card for active or registered students. The
Bison One Card Portal
is the way to manage your Bison One Card account. Students can display their virtual ID, view account balance, view transaction history, create low balance warnings, deposit Bison Bucks using a credit card or bank account, deactivate a lost ID card, and even create guest access.
How to Submit Your Photo
Students can upload their photo by logging into the Bison One Card Portal, the photo will be immediately added to your account once approved. A valid ID card (US government-issued ID or valid Passport) is required to receive an initial card.
Photo Requirements
Color photos only Full face and eyes open Must look directly at camera Background must be white or blue No glasses or obstructions to face No hats or non-religious headwear Recent photo (taken within 1 month)
How to Access Your Bison One Card
Download the Atrium Campus Connect App in the Apple App Store or Google Play store and log in with your Howard credentials.
Go to the ‘Settings’ menu and select the button at the top left.
Select Display Virtual ID. Your virtual ID will be visible and refreshed every 5 minutes.
Notices
Photos submitted to the Bison One Card Office become the property of Howard University, will be used for official and administrative purposes only, and are not returned.
The Bison One Card is the property of Howard University and is governed by the rules and regulations set forth by the Howard University.
The Bison One Card is not transferable, must not be used by anyone other than the issued cardholder, and must be carried while on Howard University property.
Where to Use Your Bison One Card
Students can utilize your Bison One Card at the following locations: • All Howard University Dining locations – Utilizing your meal plan, dining dollars, or Bison Bucks, you can eat at any of our world-class dining locations • All Howard University Libraries - Check out materials from Howard libraries as well as print from computers and make copies. • Howard University Shuttle - Show your ID to ride the Shuttle Bus • Howard University Residence Halls – Show your ID to security on staff at your residence halls. • GrubHub – Connect your Bison Bucks to your Howard University Grub Hub account to get free delivery • Howard University Laundry Services – You get laundry points at the beginning of each semester. You will need to download the Speed Queen App from the Apple App Store or the Google Play Store to do your laundry. You can connect your Bison Bucks to the account. If you spend all your laundry points, you can utilize Bison Bucks
Meal Plan
The meal plan is selected via Starrez after receiving a housing assignment.
Meal (dining) plans are designed specifically to meet the needs of our students and to be convenient, flexible, and loaded with options.
HU Dining offers a variety of clearly labeled vegan and vegetarian options at multiple dining stations. Each dining hall has a dedicated vegan or plant-based station that offers desserts as well. The Blackburn Center is home to NuVegan, a vegan twist on soul food favorites, as well as Halal Shack, which offers a tasty falafel rice or zoodle bowl.
Students receive greater value per meal with a plan and there’s no need to carry cash or a credit card—it’s all on your Bison One Card. Meal plans are charged to student accounts.
If students want to enjoy a meal with friends or just a snack on the go – there is a plan to fit every appetite. Explore our meal plan options to choose the best plan.
All students assigned to a Required Meal Plan Residence Hall are required to purchase a Meal Plan during the fall and spring terms. Commuters are not required to purchase a meal plan, however, several are available to enhance your campus experience. Commuters are eligible to register for any meal plan.
Personal eating habits, class schedule and leisure activities should all be considered when choosing a Meal (dining) Plan. If students are accustomed to eating three full meals a day, or prefer to eat small meals throughout the day, our Traditional 19 meal plan may be the perfect fit. If there is a tendency to skip breakfast, eating only two meals a day, the Traditional 14 meal plan with fewer meal swipes will be a better choice. If students want maximum Dining Dollars to spend at national brands, coffee shops, and our convenience stores, a plan with more Dining Dollars would be best.
Dining Dollars are funds that can be used at all HU Dining locations including the Markets and are conveniently loaded onto your Bison One Card. Dining Dollars may be reloaded in increments of $50 to students currently on a meal plan. Dining Dollars expire at the end of each semester. Bison Bucks is a prepaid, stored value account available to Bison One Card holders. There are no transaction fees or minimum balances associated with the account. Just load and use at a variety of places.
Dining Halls & Meal Plans
The Department of Dining Services provides nutritious meals for our students, faculty, and staff. Students who live in residence halls that require a meal plan must purchase a specific meal plan (i.e., the Traditional 14).
Blackburn Café and Bethune Annex Café dining facilities offer an all-you-care-to-eat option during a single mealtime. Both locations provide an array of food options to better meet a student’s dietary needs. You may contact the Department of Dining Services directly at (202) 806-2109 with further questions regarding dietary restrictions.
*Accepted forms of payment
: Meal Swipes; Dining Dollars; Bison Bucks; Cash; Credit.